[Music]
have you ever been a nanny this is my
first live in chop well I hope you know
what you're doing the children are very
special Kate let's use your friends must
love it here I have no friends you have
no friends
yep well you have one now maybe the
parents died
nothing she had to suffer it's not that
simple
I don't find that part of the house why
not don't wanna hello shouldn't be in
here
what happened to your last nanny like
I'd tell you need to take charge Hecate
I know what you're afraid of keeping the
lights on we'll keep you safe can you
please stop
yeah I can remain there I'm not going
anywhere
promise promise cross my heart no stop
everyone dies miles did you see them
anymore
stop now
[Applause]
bad dreams
[Music]